How did array methods like push() and filter() help you manipulate data in this activity?
    I was able to add items to arrays using push, search for strings within items of arrays with filter, and remove items from arrays with pop.
What challenges did you face when trying to filter and search for items in the array?
    I knew that filter existed, but I didn't understand the syntax. I searched for "filter" in the documentation and started implementing the first example, but it never made sense and, when it didn't work during testing, I knew I needed to look for a more applicable example. I scrolled through the documentation and found the most applicable example involving an array or fruit and copied it almost verbatim. I tested it with values I added manually to the shoppingList array and it worked! However, when I tried to keep the results variable in the filter function, it never worked. I had to add the results directly to the addItem function so that I could see the flow of the code better. It was much easier to troubleshoot the error with only the filter function separate and it was eventually sucessful.
How would you modify this code to make it more efficient or user-friendly?
    I'm not sure. I would have said that I'd prefer only a few functions (mostly button event listeners), but, after having to walk through all the code, I liked having all the different, smaller functions. I think I would also add at least some styling, editing functionality, and the ability to delete specific items from the array/list.